Move Release Process pattern to L2 (Structured) (#524)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: README.md

* [Core Team](patterns/2-structured/core-team.md) - *Even when an InnerSource project is widely needed, contributions and usage may be hindered because the project is difficult to work with. Establish a core team that is dedicated to take care of the project's fundamental items. Their work enables contributors to add and use the features that provide value to their scenarios.*
* [Document your Guiding Principles](patterns/2-structured/document-your-guiding-principles.md) - *The usual InnerSource explanation of "applying open source best practices inside an organisation" does not work well with people lacking an open source background. As a remedy the most important principles of InnerSource get documented and published widely.*
* [Extensions for Sustainable Growth](/patterns/2-structured/extensions-for-sustainable-growth.md) - *An InnerSource project is receiving too many contributions, making maintenance difficult. By offering an extension mechanism outside of the core project, the maintainers enable scaling of project capabilities with minimal cost and maintenance overhead.*

> * [Standardized Release Process](patterns/2-structured/release-process.md) - *Teams are reluctant to use InnerSource projects that they are unfamiliar with when they are unclear about the release process. Providing clear release notes and a published artifact gives people confidence you are publishing a quality product.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Standard Release Process](patterns/2-structured/release-process.md) - *Teams may hesitate to adopt an InnerSource project if they are unsure of its maturity. To address this, consistent release notes and published artifacts are crucial. These practices showcase a strong dedication to the project, instilling confidence and assuring users of ongoing commitment to sustainable and well-managed software.*
```

> * [Standardized Release Process](patterns/2-structured/release-process.md) - *Teams may be reluctant to use InnerSource projects that they are unfamiliar with when there is no clear release process apparent in the repository. Providing clear release notes and a published artifact (binary, docker image, jar, etc) gives people confidence you are publishing a quality product.*

Reviewer: Note to self:
Update Patlet here as well, depending on what we change it to in the pattern file itself.
